# WebSTEM
 
Medieval Chemist is a video game that has the purpose of promoting and developing the skills of the future and converting participants into agents of change to face the challenges of the 21st century, attached to the STEAM Movement approach (science, technology, engineering, art and math). In order to develop children and young people as these agents of change, we are guided by two lines of development in the creation of the video game: both an inspiration of vocations in STEAM, and the promotion of the development of STEAM skills. Medieval Chemist is based on the first perspective, inspiring vocations focusing mainly on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology professional career; but it also has a secondary focus on the development of cognitive skills, proposed by STEAM, such as critical thinking and problem solving.

Medieval Chemist is a video game in which the player becomes a sorcerer from the Middle Ages, who must heal people by creating different compounds. The player will have an establishment, where people with different diseases will come in search of a potion. To do this, our character will have to buy the necessary elements to build said potion, which he will sell to the customer for a number of coins. Finally, to pass the level (of days), he will have to pay the rent of the establishment; If you do not have enough money and have a debt of more than a certain amount, the game is over. As the days go by, said income will go up or down in price (it will have a seasonal variation with a trend), in addition to an inflation in the prices of the elements, so the player must be able to properly manage their resources. The data that we will use to analyze is the playing time, the levels passed, the number of compounds made, the number of items purchased and the number of customers served. This in order to measure the interest of users in the video game, and therefore, in topics related to STEM careers. Thus, with the use of these collected indicators, more informed decisions can be made. To conclude, our video game has the same target audience as STEAM, people between 9 and 19 years old, so its classification will be E (everyone).

Authors:
Yusdivia Molina Rom치n		
Leonardo Arturo Morales L칩pez	
Rodolfo Le칩n Gasca		
Axel Gonz치lez Carreto		
